July 13, 2021
Version 0.005


GiftCulture
A 3D Social Driven DAO API Aggregator

GiftCulture is an immersive environment that will enable multiple social, shopping, news, NFT’s, and events into one online, 3 dimensional world. A place to interact with contacts from multiple social platforms at the same time. A place to shop and organize your home with wish lists and decorations. A place to support local producers and farmers from the comfort of Home or anywhere on the go.
GiftCulture will be funded through donations, advertising, pay-per-click marketing, and token sales. It is operated and owned by a DAO that consists of the primary node operators and Value Token holders.
The goal of GiftCulture is to promote peace and love through a giving culture of inclusion and generosity.
This is a Living Whitepaper and will be subject to revision from time to time at the discretion of the DAO members through the review and voting process. All changes will be represented in an updated version number and all previous versions will be cataloged for future reference.

Introduction to Gift Culture

History

The idea of GiftCulture was originally hatched in a think tank that was held in Renton Washington in 2004. The original concept of a 3D virtual mall has bloomed throughout the years with the first prototype released in 2015 on a single server. At that time the technology had not progressed enough to facilitate a robust platform based on community ownership and mass API integration. With the advent and popularization of block chain technology and standardization in API protocols, GiftCulture was ripe for a new prototype. In July of 2021, this document was compiled and the true momentum had begun.

Philosophy

We believe that community engagement, generosity, and helping each other is the best way to promote peace, love and even discover solutions to the struggles that we are faced with today. This should be made available in a format that can be used across great distance and that also has the ability to be used in situations where isolation is required for the greater good. 
We also believe that the most productive members of the community should be rewarded and that the community should be allowed to own the project and be entitled to be part of the decision making process.

Culture

The culture has primarily evolved around being generous and giving gifts to others. 
We believe in inclusion and will therefore strive to treat everyone equally in respect to race, nationality, religion, sex, sexual preference, disability, age, income level, or any other aspects that make each person unique.
GiftCulture has a ZERO tolerance policy to hate speech, promotion of any illegal activity or substance, and promotion of violence.
GiftCulture is a place to be friends!

Game Play and End User Experience
(Insert picture mockup world map)
Home is where the heart is

Every user account comes with a 3D virtual home that is comprised of multiple customizable rooms. These rooms can be made public, private or group access levels. Each room can serve different functions as set out by the user. These functions include:
A place to store items that are available from real world retailers. These items can be set as an item that is on a wish list, an item that is sponsored, or an item that is already owned in the real world. (More on items latter)
A place to meet up with friends family or the public. This is accomplished by hosting a community asset node that is associated to the specific room that the event is held in.
A place to decorate for fun with NFT’s from any enabled platform or market.
Optional features to include on any wall in the home to include upcoming events, in game notifications, social media feed aggregator, legacy news feed, stock ticker, and more.

The house will have options for customization that include:
Changing the house skin, this is the general look and feel of the house.
Changing the house colors.
Changing the plants in the yard or planting a garden.

Every house and every room will be accessible to other players depending on the privacy level of the room as follows:
Public - anyone with an account can visit this room and see any items in the room that are also marked public.
Private - no other users will have access to this room or anything in it.
Group - other users who have been invited to the group are the only users who will have access to this room and anything in the room marked public or Group.

The users house provides a space where the user can organize lists of items from real world retailers and NFT’s, decorate with these items, and hold virtual gatherings. The users home is the “landing page” where the game play starts. Once a user walks their avatar out of the front door they will enter the front yard that overlooks the town courtyard. This courtyard is in the shape of a hexagon and the part of the hexagon with the users house also has a road that leads away from the courtyard. Down this road is the users community neighborhood containing the homes of their friends and one very special house that belongs to “the Gifter”, a very special character in GiftCulture.  Directly across the courtyard from the front yard will be the Marketplace.

Marketplace with Localizer

The marketplace is a grand Mall that upon entry looks like a traditional mall with storefronts. These storefronts will be leased to major retailers based on the region of the user or customized based on the user avatar level. In addition to the storefronts the mall will have a large center island kiosk that will act as the primary searching mechanism for finding products, a theater at the back of the mall and a second floor that will house the professional services. The kiosk will load a full page overlay when selected and will provide a product search that searches every available product database API with the following options:
Select the retailers, shopping, and NFT platforms to limit the search results.
Sort by relevance, price, rating, etc.
Selecting the localizer, this will search for products produced and or available within the closest physical proximity to the end user.

Once a desirable product is discovered, the user can add the product to any room in their home or they can follow the link to the retail wed site and make the purchase. All of these links will pay for clicks or a sales commission to GiftCulture for each purchase generated from GiftCulture.
Retail outlets will be provided with space to link to an external web site that will allow the retailers to market products directly to users and will pay a lease for the space instead of paying per click or a commission on sales.

The theater will integrate will existing media providers such as YouTube and Pandora. Users can go to the theater with other users and experience media together. The theater is also accessible through the community center.

Professional services will be offered by other users on the GiftCulture platform. Upon entering the second floor of the mall the full page services search window overlay will open and users can search services that are offered by other users.

Community Center

Next to the Marketplace is the Community Center. This is the soul of GiftCulture. In the community center users can:
View upcoming events and classes through the community calendar.
Join and attend advents virtually.
Create groups and events to host events in the community center.
Integrate with existing groups from external social media.
Access the theater.

This enables anyone to create a workshop, meeting, party, or other event that is either free or paid. The creator or creators of the events will receive a percentage of the proceeds from any ticket sales and the creators can control the size of the event, the length of the event, the layout and decoration of the event space and the event format.

Industry Center and Work Space

On the other side of the Marketplace is the Industry Center. The center is designed for professional virtual office spaces. A user or group can create a virtual office space for one too many people. A set of tools will be included for scheduling, conference calls, IRC and more. These office spaces can be set up for one time use or for recurring usage.

Carnival

Between the Community Center and the neighborhood is the Carnival. The Carnival is a place to find all sorts of internet based games that will be available. These games will be available from many game platforms and will be able to be launched from the Carnival.

Farmers Market and Craft Fair

Between the Industry Center and the Neighborhood is the Farmers Market. This is a place to connect the user with local produce and local made craft items. This market will work with the closest farmers organizations and crafters to determine what farmers and crafters are closest to the users Geolocation. The user will be able to browse possible produce and crafts produced by local farmers and crafters. (Force Localization?)

The Gifter

The Gifter is a special character in GiftCulture who is most generous and provides several unique possibilities for users including:
A model home. The gifted house will be set up to illustrate some of the ways that rooms can be set up inside a home. All rooms in the Gifters home will be marked public.
A gift giving mechanism for GiftCulture. The Gifter collects direct donations for gifting and also receives a set percentage of GiftCultures’ profit. With this profit the Gifter holds a regular Gifter Lottery and chooses user to gift with credits that can be redeemed for gift cards or donations to a charity of the users choosing.
A charity room that allows users to browse charities and donate.
A gift card room that is full of various gift cards that can be purchased as gifts and sent to any other user on GiftCulture.
A promotional room that will be stocked with sponsored products. All proceeds from the sponsor room will go back into the Gifter account and redistributed through the Gifter Lottery.

Menu Overlay

The user will have access to the following menu items at the top or bottom of the screen at all times:
Settings - User settings will include user profile link, avatar level, notification settings, GIFT balance, credit balances, linked accounts, active or inactive community assets and related settings, linked wallet(s), access level and more.
User Profile - User Avatar settings, clothing size, Address, Email, BirthDate or any other relevant information. (REFINE THIS LIST)
Calendar - Integrated with external calendar services, this calendar provides users with one calendar to display any and all events, internal or external.
Community Contributions. - Every user on GiftCulture will have the opportunity to submit art, scripts or other modifications that enhance the GiftCulture experience.
NFT Inventory - Every user can display all of the NFT’s that they have on the platform or other enabled platforms.
GiftCulture Radio - Every user can stream music from their favorite music streaming platform while they have an active session open.
Game Map - The GiftCulture game map will be linked so that a user can “teleport” to any location within the GiftCulture environment.
Help - Frequently asked questions, community support and community forum.

Avatar

Each user on the platform will have an avatar that they can customize and leveled up. The avatar is what will be displayed to other users when they interact in the GiftCulture environment. Avatars will be customizable using the following:
External services such as MeMaker.
Uploading images.
Selecting custom made Avatar Skins created by other users.
Upgrading avatar level to unlock additional features.

Avatars will have a public facing look that will be displayed to other users. They will also have a private form that is intended to represent the actual size and shape of the user in order to standardize sizing that will make it easier for the user to find appropriately sized clothing items for themselves and others. (NEEDS MORE CLARIFICATION)

Avatar levels will be determined by user engagement quests, special events, or by purchasing upgrade packages. These quests, special events and packages will be developed by the Director of Social Engagement.

Community Assets

Any user on GiftCulture can create certain community assets. Each one of these assets will be minted on the block chain as an NFT. Assets will be divided into the following categories:
Avatar Skin - Customized characters that can be selected as a users avatar.
Avatar Clothing - Customized clothing to decorate user Avatars.
Home Design - Customized home layout and design including room placement, size and names.
Home Skin - Customized exterior Home design. This is what users see when they look at another users Home from outside.
Interior Decorating - Customized look and feel of rooms inside the Home. Each room can have a different interior decoration scheme. 
Product Reviews - Customized ordered lists of products with notes on each product including review, price, quality and star rating.
Community Event - Customized creation and monitoring of singular or recurring events for other users to join in the community center.
Theme - Customized theme including sky, ground, and community buildings. (IDEA set sunrise and sunset according to the users local timezone.)

Users must offer one free asset in a category in order to unlock the ability to monetize for the usage of additional assets in the category. The owner of each asset that is available for monetization will have the option to set price and availability for the asset.

API Application Integration

G-Protocol and G-Intergration

GiftCulture will provide a standardized API protocol called G-Protocol for all aspects of GiftCulture based on the Open Data Protocol or OData. This protocol will enable GiftCulture to integrate with any outside API with the creation of an API key on the external service and creation of a translation script that will translate the external API protocol into the standardized GiftCulture protocol. This process will be referred to as G-Integration.
QUESTION: Should this protocol be available to the public? I.E. Link to protocol HERE.

Social Media

GiftCulture will work with as many social media platforms as possible through G-Integration. This will enable the following: 
An alternative log-in and sign-up processes through a prospective users existing social media accounts.
Access to users friends or contacts on all of the social media outlets that the user registers with GiftCulture. These contacts will help to populate the users neighborhood and provide a place where the user can interact with contacts from multiple social media accounts at the same time and in the same platform or digital space.
Ability to share products, events, services, games, or most any other aspect of the GiftCulture experience to outside social media platforms.
Ability to create a social media wall in any room in a users Home that will display the feed from the external social media platform.
Ability to integrate groups with community center events.

External social media platforms will be used to provide all of the social contacts, groups and sharing functionality in the GiftCulture environment.

Legacy Media

GiftCulture will work with as many legacy media providers as possible through G-Integration. This will enable the following: 
News and social commentary from know media outlets.
Users will be able to choose media outlets that they want to be included in their personal news feed that is optionally available on any wall in any room in the users Home.

External media platforms will be used to provide all of the news and social commentary in the GiftCulture environment.

Stores and Shopping Outlets

GiftCulture will work with as many stores and shopping outlets as possible through G-Integration. This will enable the following:
Listing and searching product listings in the marketplace kiosk.
Posting items from retailers in the users home.
Maintaining click though compensation for items purchased through GiftCulture.
Tracking retail ads that may available throughout the GiftCulture experience.

External stores and shopping outlets will be used to provide all of the physical goods and services provided in the GiftCulture environment.

NFT Platforms and Marketplaces

GiftCulture will work with as many NFT platforms and marketplaces as possible through G-Integration. This will enable the following:
Listing and searching currently available NFT listings and auctions in the marketplace kiosk.
Posting items form NFT platforms and marketplaces in the users home and community spaces.
Maintaining click though compensation for NFT’s purchased through GiftCulture.
Tracking NFT ads that may available throughout the GiftCulture experience.

Video Streaming and Conferencing

GiftCulture will work with as many video streaming and conferencing platforms as possible through G-Integration. This will enable audio and visual interaction in the following:
Meeting, parties and gatherings in a room in a users Home or in the entire Home.
Meetings, seminars, classes, think tanks and other gatherings in the community center.
Meetings, conferences, IRC and other gatherings in the Industry Center.
Personal interaction though enabled retailers, farmers or crafters in the Marketplace or in the Farmers Market.

External video streaming and conferencing platforms will be used to provide the human to human interactions in the GiftCulture environment.

Calendars

GiftCulture will work with as many online calendar services as possible through G-Integration. This will enable audio and visual interaction in the following:
Importing and exporting of both internal and external events.
Integrating multiple external calendar sources into one internal calendar display.
Invite other users to internal or external events.

The calendar will be available through the main menu overlay.

Professional Services

Users may provide certain professional services through the marketplace. Some examples of services will include:
Handy Person work to be provided in the real world.
Internet development services for businesses, artists and other users.
Shopping services
Lawn maintenance

These examples are for illustrative purposes only, any service that is legal may be offered through this service. Services will be separated into in-person or local services and non-localized services.

Decentralized Autonomous Organization

Initial Structure and Timeline to become a DAO

GiftCulture was founded as a hobby business offering ownership GIFT Node Tokens to Community Node operators under the Community Node Agreement (CNA). When total yearly profit exceeds $10,000 of equivalent value, GiftCulture will be registered as a DAO LLC (currently offered in Wisconsin only.) At this point GiftCulture will become regulated by the existing DAO members and begin the process of registering with the SEC and all other relevant authorities. Once the registration is complete then GiftCulture will offer the GIFT Value Token portion of the GIFT governance tokens.

Community Consensus with Tokenized Ownership

GiftCulture shall be governed by the Tokens (DAO Token holders) with day to day operations managed by a team of Directors that shall be appointed by the Tokens.

Voting

All Tokens (DAO token holders) are equal and therefore entitled to one vote and all votes will be equal. It requires votes from at least 50% of the total active Tokens to reach a quorum.
Any changes to policy, mission, vision, white papers, smart contracts, direction or team of Directors will be held to a vote by the Tokens. Any Token or Director can submit an idea or change proposal for review. A review will be opened and all Tokens and Directors will be notified via the preferred contact method. The review process is as follows:
Phase 1, a questions and answers session that will last for 15 days. During this time Tokens have the opportunity to review, pose questions, suggest improvements and have discussion about the proposal.
Phase 2, a review by the Technology, Social Engagement, Security, Human Resources, Finance and Legal Directors. These Directors will have 15 additional days to review the proposal for any conflicts and produce a report with the findings for each proposal.
Phase 3, an additional review period of 15 days will be provided for final concerns, conflicts, questions and comments from all Tokens.
Phase 4, the proposal submitted into the next available quarterly vote. The vote submission deadline will be no less than 10 days proceeding the due date of the vote. Proposals will always be voted as True (Pass) or False (Fail) and a proposal must obtain at least 50% of all votes cast as True for it to be implemented into GiftCulture.
A temporary Director will be appointed by the Tokens in the event of an unexpected vacancy with the following process:
Phase 1, a request for nominations will be sent to all Tokens, employment advertisements will be submitted and nominations or resumes will be excepted for 7 days. If no nominations or resumes are received, an additional 7 day period will be granted until a nomination is received.
Phase 2, Tokens will have 7 days to review nominations, ask questions, discuss and submit votes for nominees in a ranked voting format with three rankings. 
Phase 3, the nomination with the most votes will win the temporary Director position until such time that a permanent Director can be chosen though the review process.

Organizational Structure

The day to day operations will be managed by the following team of Directors:
Director of Operations - Overseas all operations, runs a weekly meeting of Directors, and is the primary person of responsibility for the operations.
Director of Technology - Overseas the following departments:
 API Integration - Responsible for G-Integration and maintenance of the G-Protocol.
 Node Maintenance - Responsible for compiling, testing and releasing Node Maintenance upgrades and patches.
 Technical Infrastructure - Responsible for managing, maintaining and building the technical infrastructure required for GiftCulture operations.
 Technical Review - Responsible for reviewing and creating an initial Technical Report for all proposals submitted to the DAO for review.
 Artificial Intelligence - Responsible for creating, implementing and maintaining all artificial intelligence systems and processes.
Director of Social Engagement - Overseas the following departments:
 Equity and Equality - Responsible for ensuring that GiftCulture upholds the values of equity and equality for everyone who chooses to be involved.
 Social Liaison - Responsible for maintaining all GiftCulture Social Media channels and profiles.
 Socioeconomic - Responsible for ensuring that GiftCulture adheres to the highest standards of socioeconomic equality and inclusion.
 Social Review - Responsible for reviewing and creating an initial Social Report for all proposals submitted to the DAO for review.
Director of Security - Overseas the following departments:
 Technical Security - Responsible for ensuring the security of the network and Nodes.
 Data Security - Responsible for ensuring the security of the Data stored on GiftCulture.
 Physical Security - Responsible for physical security of any physical GiftCulture assets, employees, and Directors.
 Security Review - Responsible for reviewing and creating an initial Security Report for all proposals submitted to the DAO for review.
Director of Finances - Overseas the following departments:
 Accounts - Responsible for maintaining accounts and reviewing ledgers that are created by the Smart Contracts.
 Records - Responsible for maintaining all legally required records.
 Financial Review - Responsible for reviewing and creating an initial Financial Report for all proposals submitted to the DAO for review.
Director of Human Resources - Overseas the following departments:
 Employment Policy - Responsible for maintaining Employee Manual with all policies and procedures for employment, benefits of employment and any other employee related policy.
 Employment Benefits - Responsible for research and maintain the best benefits for all employees.
 Employee Training - Responsible for creating training material and providing training to all employees.
 Employee Engagement - Responsible for interacting with employees, responding to complaints and providing support to help employees succeed at GiftCulture.
 Human Resources Review - Responsible for reviewing and creating an initial Human Resources Report for all proposals submitted to the DAO for review.
Director of Legal Compliance - Overseas the following departments:
 Financial Compliance - Responsible for ensuring financial compliance with know regulations for international financial compliance.
 National Compliance - Responsible for ensuring financial, and other compliance with laws in all nations that GiftCulture operates.
 Employment Compliance - Responsible for ensuring employment compliance in all areas  and locations of employment.
 DAO Compliance - Responsible for ensuring compliance with any regulations pertaining to organizing and operating the DAO.
 Legal Review - Responsible for reviewing and creating an initial Legal Report for all proposals submitted to the DAO for review.

Each of the Directors will have budget that is approved by the Tokens each year. The Director will be responsible for operating within the provided budget and creating a budget proposal due yearly on or before the last day of September. Budget proposals must contain itemized budget items for all requested funds.

Accounting, Financial and GIFTPAY

GiftCulture income will be used to pay for all expenses related to GiftCulture and any remaining profit will be distributed monthly based on the GIFTPAY smart contract that shall run quarterly on the first day of the physical quarter with the following formula:

Donations (D) + Other Income (OI) = Total Income (TI)
Total Income (TI) / Donations (D) = Donation Ratio (DR)
Total Income (TI) - Total Expense (TE) = Initial Profit (IP)
1 USD (US) * Total Users (TU) = Holdings Target (HT)
Liquid Value (LV)  - Holdings Target (HT) = Holdings Offset (HO)
IF ( Initial Profit (IP) > 0 ) {
	Initial Profit (IP) * 0.1 = Holdings Portion (HP)
	IF ( Holdings Portion (HP) > Holdings Offset (HO) ) {
		Holding Portion (HP) - Holdings Offset (HO) = Holdings Return (HR)
		MOVE AMOUNT = Holdings Offset (HO) TO ACCOUNT Liquid Value (LV)
	} ELSE {
		Holdings Return (HR) = 0
		MOVE AMOUNT = Holdings Portion (HP) TO ACCOUNT Liquid Value (LV)
	}
	Real Profit (RP) = ( Initial Profit (IP) * 0.9 ) + Holdings Return (HR)
	Real Profit (RP) * Donation Ratio (DR) = Donation Asset (DA)
	Real Profit (RP) - Donation Profit (DP) = Other Profit (OP)
	( Other Profit (OP) * 0.1 ) + Donation Asset (DA) = Donation Profit (DP)
	Other Profit (OP) - Donation Profit (DP) = Share Profit (SP)
	SEND Donation Profit (DP) TO Gifter Wallet (G) for distribution to Gifter Lottery (GL)
	Share Profit (SP) / 2 = Token Profit (TP)
	Token Profit (TP) / Total Tokens (TT) = Token Earnings (TE)
	FOR EACH (Token, i) {
		SEND Token Earnings (TE) TO Token i Wallet
		i++
	}
	Proof Total (PT) = 0
	N = 0
	FOR EACH (Active Node, N) {
		Community Personal Nodes (CPN) + Community Asset Nodes (CAN) + Community 					Usage Node (CUN) + Community Gift Number (CGN) = N Proof of Community (NPC)
		Proof Total (PT) = Proof Total (PT) + Proof of Community (PC)
		N++
	}
	Token Profit (TP) / Proof Total (PT) = Proof Value (PV)
	FOR EACH (Active Node, N) {
		N Proof of Community (NPC) * Proof Value (PV) = Community Profit (CP)
		SEND Community Profit (CP) TO Active Node N Wallet.
	}
} ELSE {
	Initial Loss (IL) = -Initial Value (IV)
	IF ( Initial Loss (IL) < Liquid Value (LV) ) {
		PAY Initial Profit (IP) WITH Liquid Value (LV)
	} ELSE {
		ERROR: Insufficient Funds
	}
}
(Link to GIFTPAY white paper here)
 
Node Token and Value Token (GIFT)

GiftCulture will maintain two versions of the GIFT ownership tokens as follows:
Node Token GIFT- the Node Token will be awarded to Active Nodes and shall have no assigned value. A new Active Node Token will be generated every time a new node is operated for a minimum of 159.6 hours (95%) of the Operating Week beginning at 12 AM PST Monday through 11:59 PM PST the following Monday. The Node Token will be associated with that Active Node. The node must maintain this minimum uptime every week in order to remain active. If a node falls below 159.6 hours of uptime in any week it will be set to Inactive Node.
 Active Node Token - When a Community Node has Active Node status, the node will have Share Holder and Token status and the node will be assigned a Proof of Community value for each Operating Week that is determined with the formula outlined in the Proof of Community section.
 Inactive Node Token - When a Community Node is set to Inactive Node status, the status as Share Holder and Token will be revoked and the node will no longer be included in the voting or payment pools. The node will also loose status as Share Holder meaning that the node will not receive any value until it is reactivated by maintaining a minimum of 159.6 hours in an Operating Week.
GIFT Value Token - A Value Token will have a value as determined by the market. No value tokens will be distributed without a complete and successful review and approval by the Director of Legal Compliance. Once a Value Token distribution is approved, the Value Tokens will be sold at market value to generate funds for GiftCulture. The Value Token will always maintain status as Share Holder and Token. This guarantees that the holder will be included in all voting and Share Holder payment pools.

Payment pools will be processed quarterly and all payments will be sent by the Smart Contract to the crypto wallet that is registered with the Tokens Account.

Initial Release and Future Limits on Ownership

The Initial Release of GIFT Tokens will be as follows:
500,000 GIFT Node Tokens will be minted and available for use with any qualified node. A new batch of 50,000 Node Tokens will be minted every time that 95% of current Node Token batch have been distributed.
500,000 GIFT Value Tokens will be minted. 400,000 will be set aside for future sales and 100,000 will be distributed to the founders. This is the only time that Value Tokens will be minted and the supply of Value Tokens will be limited to 500,000.

The amount of Value Tokens that can be held by a single entity will be limited to 50,000 tokens. After 3 Years of operation, on the first of October 2024, the limit will be lowered to 10,000 per entity. After 6 Years of operation, on the first of October 2027, the limit will be lowered to one token per entity. If any single entity is found holding more than the limit after any of the cutoff dates then GiftCulture will have 6 months to work with the entity and to bring the entity into compliance. If the entity refuses to come in compliance, GiftCulture reserves the right to reclaim and redistribute any Tokens that are held against this policy.

Community Owned Data Decentralization

Community Node

A Community Node is the primary node for data storage of GiftCulture. This node can have two states, Active and Inactive.

The GiftCulture organization will maintain an operational base code for the Community Node that will be available for anyone to download and create a Community Node. 
The GiftCulture organization will also maintain a READ ME file that will contain information on required minimum storage, processing, and network availability required as well as instructions on how to create a Community Node. 

Each Community Node will contain the basic code for the GiftCulture gameplay experience, all Personal Nodes, and Community Asset Nodes that are registered with that Community Node, and a portion of the encrypted data from 128 other Community Nodes. This will be managed by the Community Synchronization smart contract.

By default Community Nodes will be registered as an Active Node as long as they maintain a minimum uptime stated in the Node Token GIFT section. If the minimum uptime is not met the node will be set to an Inactive Node. If a Node is inactive for more than three consecutive weeks, the assets will be distributed to the closets Neighbor Node and the Node will be burnt and no longer exist.
Each Active Node will be a voting member of the GiftCulture DAO with a Node Token GIFT. This will also enable quarterly earnings based on the GIFTPAY smart contract. Earnings will have a minimum payout plus an additional payout based on the Proof of Community generated by this Community Node.
(Link to Community Node white paper here)

Proof of Community

Community Nodes will be valued based on the engagement of the community the resides on that node. This engagement will be measured by the following metrics:
Total number of users (Personal Nodes) registered on the Community Node on the last day of the quarterly GIFTPAY cycle. This will be referred to as Community Personal Nodes (CPN).
Total number of Community Asset Nodes registered and actively used at least once during the quarter. This will be referred to as Community Asset Nodes (CAN).
Total hours of Community Asset Node usage logged on the Community Node during the quarter divided by 24. This will be referred to as Community Usage Nodes (CUN).
Total number of items that are marked as “purchased as gift” by a user registered on the Community Node and also marked as “received gift” by the recipient of the gift times 2. This will be referred to as Community Gift Numbers (CGN).

Personal Node

Personal Nodes are encrypted objects that exist on a specific Community Node and contain the information for a user. The end user will have the encryption key that is specific to the users Personal Node. These nodes will contain all of the necessary data to load a user experience in GiftCulture and all relevant associated data. This encrypted data will also be stored in the users cache if caching is enabled.
(Link to Personal Node white paper here)

Community Asset Node

Community Asset Nodes are the building block of community. These nodes represent groups, regular events, blogs, podcasts, classes or other resources that are created for the GiftCulture community at large. These assets can be public or they can be limited to Community Node members only. These nodes will always have a Personal Node registered as the leader and primary contact for the node.
(Link to Community Asset Node white paper here)

Community Synchronization

Community Synchronization is the process that GiftCulture uses to synchronize the GiftCulture block chain. This process will be updated once per minute and will operate based on the following:
Each Community Node will reconcile the its data with each of its 2nd degree (Neighbor) nodes.
Each Community Node block will be packaged with assigned encryption keys at the beginning and at the end of each block. The block will contain all of the encrypted and compressed Community Node data from the following:
 This Community Node.
 Each 2nd degree (Neighbor Node) above and below this node on the block chain
 50% of each 3rd degree node (above and below 2nd degree nodes).
 25% of each 4th degree nodes (above and below 3rd degree nodes).
 12.5% of each 5th degree nodes (above and below 4th degree nodes).
 6.25% of each 6th degree nodes (above and below 6th degree nodes).
 3.175% of each 7th degree nodes (above and below 7th degree nodes).
	.
	.
	.
1.08E-19% of each 128th degree nodes (above and below 127th degree nodes).
The encryption keys from each Community Node will be created as the block is minted and must have cryptographic consensus with the keys form each of its 2nd degree (Neighbor) nodes.

No single entity may operate any more than 2 consecutive Community Nodes or Neighbor Nodes and no more than 12 total Community Nodes.

Hopes and Concerns

Hopes

Our hope is that GiftCulture will spread peace and love through a giving culture of inclusion and generosity. This will be facilitated by building a strong sense of community, social engagement, and incentivized gift giving.

Concerns

Concerns could be many in any endeavor and the following are some key concerns that should be considered:
Limits of technology both in the design of the Node system and that minimum requirements to operate a Community Node will not be prohibitively expensive or difficult to deploy.
Security of the linked platforms that are used to populate GiftCulture.
DAO being overrun by an entity that has malicious intent.
Regulation limitations from National and International agencies.

Conclusion

GiftCulture is an immersive environment that will enable multiple social, shopping, news, NFT’s, and events into one online world. It will be funded through donations, advertising, pay-per-click marketing, and token sales. The goal is to promote peace and love through a giving culture of inclusion and generosity.
Get involved today by creating a profile, donating, and/or filling out a volunteer intake form today. (Insert links to all of these things here)

Links, Notes, Further Reading

Links

(Link to GIFTPAY white paper here)
(Link to Community Node white paper here)
(Link to Personal Node white paper here)
(Link to Community Asset Node white paper here)

Notes

Insert content here

Further Reading

Ethereum White Paper: https://ethereum.org/en/whitepaper/
Wisconsin DAO regulations: 


Definitions and Terms

User - Any person who has an account on GiftCulture
DAO - Decentralized Autonomous Organization: Organization operated and controlled by the autonomous owners.
API - Application Programming Interface: Set of subroutine definitions, protocols, and tools for building software applications.
Gifter - AI GiftCulture Player: Artificial intelligence operator within the GiftCulture platform that gives gifts via a lottery to users.
Token - DAO Token Holder: Any person or entity that holds either a Node or Value Token.
Localizer: A function that sorts search results with a preference to results that are produced or available closest to the Geo Location of the user.
G-Integration - GiftCulture Integration: A piece of code that converts an existing API to the G-Protocol.
G-Protocol - GiftCulture Protocol: A standard based on OData that acts as the base standard for GiftCulture.
Node: A operational data point that contains data specific to the type of Node that is operated.
Community Node: The primary Node for storing GiftCulture data.
Active Node: A Community Node that meets the uptime standards for a given period of time.
Inactive Node: A Community Node that does not meet the uptime standards for a given period of time.
Proof of Community: An equation that determines the engagement level of a Community Node.
Personal Node: The data for a user stored on the users Community Node and the users cache.
Community Asset Node: A node that represent groups, regular events, blogs, podcasts, classes or other resources that are created for the GiftCulture community at large.
GIFTPAY: A smart contract that handles the GiftCulture finances.
Community Personal Nodes (CPN): Total number of Personal Nodes on a Community Node.
Community Asset Nodes (CAN): Total number of Community Asset Nodes on a Community Node.
Community Usage Nodes (CUN): Total hours of Community Asset Node usage logged on the Community Node during the quarter divided by 24.
Community Gift Numbers (CGN): Total number of items that are marked as “purchased as gift” by a user registered on the Community Node and also marked as “received gift” by the recipient of the gift times 2.
Living White Paper: A white paper that is amendable though a revision process.
Operating Week: The period of time designated as the week by GiftCulture.
Value Token: Ownership Token that is purchased, has financial value, and can be sold.
Node Token: Ownership Token that is earned by hosting a Community Node, has no financial value and can not be sold.
